Privacy Policy
Last updated July 13, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how T Chat collects, uses, and discloses information associated with an identified or identifiable individual (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”) and what choices you have around this activity. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us. Some features mentioned in policy may not be available now but planned for future releases. 

Admin can create, edit, delete, block their own company (domain) users. Admin has can see users in his/her domain and take some actions. More features will be added in admin dashboards in upcoming releases.
Applicability of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to T Chat’s online workplace productivity tools and platform, including the associated T Chat mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the “Services”), T Chat.com and other T Chat websites (collectively, the “Websites”) and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with T Chat. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of T Chat’s business. For the avoidance of doubt, this is the only privacy policy that applies to T Chat.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the T Chat platform (“Third-Party Services”), or any other third-party products, services or businesses who will provide their services under their own terms of service and privacy policy. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the “Customer Agreement”), including the processing of data such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts (collectively, “Customer Data”). The organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“Customer”) controls its instance of the Services (its “Workspace”) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Workspace settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose Workspace you use. If you have an account, you can check tchat_support@trigentconsuting.com for the contact information of administrator(s). 
California Notice of Collection of Personal Information: We collect the information described below under “Information We Collect and Receive” for the business and commercial purposes described below under “Information Use.” To learn more about exercising your California Privacy Rights please review the “California Privacy Rights” section below.
Information We Collect And Receive
T Chat will collect and receive information through operating the Services and Websites, and through other interactions with T Chat. Such information will include Customer Data and other information and data (“Other Information”) in a variety of ways:
•	Customer Data. Customers or individuals granted access to a Workspace by a Customer (“Authorized Users”) routinely submit Customer Data (such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts) to T Chat when using the Services.
•	Other Information. T Chat also collects, generates and/or receives the following categories of Other Information:
1.	Workspace and account information: To create or update a Workspace account, you or our Customer (e.g. your employer) supply T Chat with an email address, phone number, password, domain, and/or other account set up details. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide T Chat (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information, and/or a billing address.
2.	Usage information:
	Services metadata. When an Authorized User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way that an Authorized User uses the Services. For example, T Chat logs the Workspaces, channels, people, features, content, and links you view or interact with, the types of files shared and what Third-Party Services are used (if any)
	Log data. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page you visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, and your language preferences.
	Device information. T Chat may collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
	Location information. We may receive information from you, our Customers and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. We may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer (who is our Customer) or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location to assist with localization or for security purposes.
3.	Cookie information: T Chat uses a variety of cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services to help us collect Other Information. For more details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out controls.
4.	Third-Party Services information: A Customer can choose to permit or restrict Third-Party Services for its Workspace and T Chat can receive personal data from such Third-Party Services. Typically, Third-Party Services are software that integrate with our Services, and a Customer can permit its Authorized Users to enable and disable these integrations for its Workspace. T Chat may also develop and offer T Chat applications that connect the Services with a Third-Party Service. Once enabled, the provider of a Third-Party Service may share certain information with T Chat. For example, if a cloud storage application you are using is enabled to permit files to be imported to a Workspace, we may receive the user name and email address of Authorized Users, along with additional information that the application makes available to T Chat to facilitate the integration. Authorized Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to T Chat. When a Third-Party Service is enabled, T Chat is authorized to connect and access Other Information made available to T Chat in accordance with our agreement with the provider of the Third-Party Service and any permission(s) granted by our Customer (including, by its Authorized User(s)). Examples of information which T Chat may receive in this manner include whether you successfully created a new account or interacted with a third-party application in a way that is attributable to T Chat usage activity. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third-Party Services when connecting them to the Services. 
5.	Contact information: In accordance with the consent process provided by your device or other third-party API, any contact information that an Authorized User chooses to import (such as importing an address book to find coworkers and T Chat Connect contacts or calendar from a device or API), forward or upload to the Services (for example, when sending emails to the Services) is collected when using the Services.
6.	Third-Party data: T Chat may receive data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
7.	Audio and video metadata: T Chat may receive, capture, and store metadata derived from your use of features such as T Chat Huddles or Clips, and additional related data such as data regarding the date and time of your T Chat Huddle and the Authorized User that you connected with.
8.	Additional information provided to T Chat: We also receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or in other ways, such as responses or opinions you provide if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, feedback you provide about our products or services, information you provide if you apply for a job with T Chat, enroll in a certification program or other educational program hosted by T Chat or a vendor, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with T Chat.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively, “Information”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and, if some Information, such as Workspace setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.
How We Process Your Information and our Legal Bases for Doing So
Customer Data will be used by T Chat in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including to provide the Services, any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, a Customer’s use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. T Chat is a processor of Customer Data and the Customer is the controller. Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to a Workspace, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share, and remove Customer Data, and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.
T Chat uses Other Information to operate our Services, Websites, and business. More specifically, T Chat uses Other Information for the following purposes:
Compliance With A Legal Obligation:
T Chat processes Other Information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. For example, a search warrant or production order from law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.
We use Workspace and account information, Usage information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Contact information, Third-Party data, Audio and video metadata, and Additional information provided to T Chat for compliance with a legal obligation.
Legitimate Interests:
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests").
We use Workspace and account information, Usage information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Contact information, Third-Party data, Audio and video metadata, and Additional information provided to T Chat for the following legitimate interests:
•	To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
This includes the use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyze and monitor usage, trends and other activities, or at an Authorized User’s request.
o	It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites, and business.
•	To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
T Chat tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific Workspaces and Authorized Users. For example, we may:
	improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorized User;
	make Services or Third-Party Service suggestions based on historical use and predictive models;
	identify organizational trends and insights;
	customize a Services experience; or
	create new productivity features and products.
o	It is in our interest and in the interest of Customers and Authorized Users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
•	To aggregate or de-identify information.
In some cases, we aggregate or de-identify information we have associated with you and use the resulting information, for example, to improve the Services.
o	It is in our interest to research and improve the Services;
o	It is in the interests of Customers and Authorized Users to practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information.
•	Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.

o	It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of T Chat, violations of our terms or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
•	Transfer, store or process your information outside the European Economic Area.
As the Websites and Services operate globally, with Customers around the world, we need to share information we collect globally. We carry out necessary transfers outside the European Economic Area, including to Australia, Canada, Japan, India, South Korea, and the United States, to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
For more information, review the “International Data Transfers” section below.
o	In our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
•	To send service emails and other communications.
For example, we may:
o	send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages, and other types of communications; or
o	contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. It is in our Customers and Authorized Users’ interests to address service related issues.
We use Workspace and account information and Usage information for the following legitimate interests:
•	For billing, account management and other administrative matters.
T Chat may need to contact you for invoicing, account management, and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
o	It is in our interest to facilitate the effective provision and administration of the Websites and Services.
We use Workspace and account information, Usage Information, Cookie information, Third-Party Services Information, Third-Party data, and Additional information provided to T Chat for the following legitimate interests:
•	To send marketing emails and other communications.
We sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about T Chat. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive them. If you have additional questions about a message you have received from T Chat please get in touch through the contact mechanisms described below.
o	It is in our interest to promote the Websites and Services and send our direct marketing.


How We Share and Disclose Information
This section describes how T Chat may share and disclose Information, as described in the section entitled 'Information We Collect and Receive' above. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information to third parties. T Chat does not control how a Customer or any third party chooses to share or disclose Information.
•	Displaying the Services. When an Authorized User submits Information, it may be displayed or discoverable to other Authorized Users in the same or connected Workspaces or T Chat Connect instances. For example, an Authorized User’s email address may be displayed with their Workspace profile, or other profile and organizational information may be displayed to Authorized Users. 
•	Collaborating with Others. The Services provide different ways for Authorized Users working in independent Workspaces to collaborate, such as T Chat Connect or email interoperability. Information, such as an Authorized User’s profile and organizational information, may be shared, subject to the policies and practices of the Workspace(s) you use. For example, depending on the settings of your Workspace, to enable connections with other Authorized Users, your profile may be shared or searchable or discoverable by Authorized Users or other users outside of Workspace(s) you belong to, or shared via email when you invite an Authorized User or other user to collaborate via T Chat Connect. In many instances, T Chat includes either administrator controls or user controls, depending on the use case, with respect to external collaboration. Authorized Users may also decide to expand the visibility of certain content and Customer Data, such as files.
•	Customer access. Owners, administrators, Authorized Users, and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify, or restrict access to Information. This may include, for example, your employer using features of the Services to access or modify your profile details, or to export logs of Workspace activity. 
•	Third-Party service providers and partners. We may engage third-party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services, assist T Chat with verifying Owners and Customers, or we may share business information to develop strategic partnerships with Third-Party service providers to support our common customers. In this respect, depending on the Third-Party service provided, T Chat may share your Information. 
•	Third-Party Services. A Customer may enable, or permit Authorized Users to enable, Third-Party Services. We require each Third-Party Service provider to disclose all permissions for information accessible through the Services, but we do not guarantee that they do so. When Third-Party Services are enabled by a Customer or an Authorized User, T Chat may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by T Chat and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use, and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings, and notices for these Third-Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.
•	Forums. The Information you choose to provide in a community forum including personal data will be publicly available.
•	Organizers and sponsors of Events/Webinars. If you attend an event or webinar organized by T Chat, we may share your profile and organizational information with the event or webinar sponsors when you register, have your badge scanned, or join a breakout room. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. For more information, please refer to the terms provided when you register for such an event or webinar.
•	Professional advisers. We may share your Information with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, controllers, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Information containing personal data.
•	Corporate Affiliates. T Chat may share Information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
•	During a Change to T Chat’s Business. If T Chat engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of T Chat’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all of the Information described in the ‘Information We Collect and Receive’ section may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
•	Aggregated or De-identified Data. We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Information with prospects or partners for business or research.
•	Law Enforcement and Regulators. If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. 
•	To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety. To protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of T Chat, its users, or third parties, including enforcing its contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing illegal activity, fraud, or security issues, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
•	With Consent. T Chat may share Information with third parties when we have consent to do so or as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy. For Workspaces registered to corporate entities, T Chat may share Information with consent of the Workspace primary owner or authorized corporate officer, or their designee. For workplaces created without a formal affiliation, T Chat may require user consent.
Data Retention
T Chat will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions (including to perform any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and through Customer’s use of Services functionality) and as required by applicable law. Customer may customize its retention settings and, depending on the Services plan, apply those customized settings at the Workspace level, channel level or other level. The Customer may also apply different settings to messages, files or other types of Customer Data. The deletion of Customer Data and other use of the Services by the Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain associated Other Information. 
T Chat may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (such as to provide the Services, including any optional features you use, and to provide customer support). This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for T Chat to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age Limitations
T Chat does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old, to the extent prohibited by applicable law. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
T Chat may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, T Chat will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
International Data Transfers
T Chat may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live, including transfers to the United States. To the extent that Personal Data is transferred abroad, T Chat will ensure compliance with the requirements of the applicable laws in the respective jurisdiction in line with T Chat’s obligations.
In particular, we offer the following safeguards if T Chat transfers Personal Data from jurisdictions with differing data protection laws:
•	European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. T Chat uses Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (and the equivalent standard contractual clauses for the UK where appropriate) for transfers to, among others, Australia, Canada, India, Japan, South Korea, and the United States. T Chat will transfer your Personal Data to facilitate the provision of the Services. A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating the Standard Contractual Clauses, and a copy of the executed version of the Standard Contractual Clauses may be obtained by contacting us as described in the “Contacting T Chat” section below.
•	Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System And Privacy Recognition For Processors. T Chat’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) system and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”). The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies and the PRP demonstrates an organization’s ability to provide effective implementation of a personal data controller’s privacy obligations related to the processing of personal information.
•	Data Protection Officer To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email tchat_support@trigentconsulting.com
